README.md, before:

# Lectures

## Lecture 1

C++ Foundations

* Covered project organization and the use of cmake to help manage this
  organization
* Discussed existing code in [csc232.h](include/csc232.h)
* Identified the use of namespaces and why we use fully qualified class
  names like `std::cout` instead of `using namespace std;` and just `cout`

## Lecture 2

![int-cell-class-diagram](src/main/resources/int-cell-class-diagram.png)

will become

![class-diagram](src/main/resources/class-diagram.png)

## Disclaimer & Fair Use Statement

This repository may contain copyrighted material, the use of which may not
have been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This material is
available in an effort to explain issues relevant to the course or to
illustrate the use and benefits of an educational tool. The material
contained in this repository is distributed without profit for research and
educational purposes. Only small portions of the original work are being
used and those could not be used to easily duplicate the original work.

Commit message:

Lec03 - The ADT Bag; The ADT No Duplicates Bag (#4)
* Initial import of stubbed bag.

* Annotate to_vector as nodiscard

* Annotate to_vector as nodiscard in bag base class

* Update documentation

* Rename and document bag_demo

* Create lec01.md

* Create lec02.md

* Create lec03.md

* Create lec04.md

* Update lecture content organization

* Roll back timeline for this branch

README.md, after:

# Lectures

This repository captures material either developed, or discussed, during
lectures. The repository is updated frequently, both before and after a
given lecture has taken place.

## Lecture Outline

| Day | Date       | Lecture Num | Topic                                       |
|-----|------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------|
| Tue | 2025-08-19 | 01          | [Review C++ Fundamentals](src/doc/lec01.md) |
| Thu | 2025-08-21 | 02          | [C++ Classes](src/doc/lec02.md)             |
| Tue | 2025-08-26 | 03          | [The ADT Bag](src/doc/lec03.md)             |                                           

## Disclaimer & Fair Use Statement

This repository may contain copyrighted material, the use of which may not
have been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. This material is
available in an effort to explain issues relevant to the course or to
illustrate the use and benefits of an educational tool. The material
contained in this repository is distributed without profit for research and
educational purposes. Only small portions of the original work are being
used and those could not be used to easily duplicate the original work.
